_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: 

profile:
  align: right
  image: my_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  # address: >
  # #   <p>555 your office number</p>
  # #   <p>123 your address street</p>
  # #   <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---
*I am actively seeking NLP research internships! Shoot me an [email](mailto:jx17@illinois.edu) if you are interested. I am able to work full-time until September 2023.*

I graduated from [the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign](https://illinois.edu/) with a B.Sc. in Computer Engineering (with [Highest Honors](https://ece.illinois.edu/academics/ugrad/honors-programs)) in December, 2022. Prior to graduation, I was fortunate to be advised by Prof. [Heng Ji](http://blender.cs.illinois.edu/hengji.html) at [Blender NLP Lab](http://blender.cs.illinois.edu/index.html). My research aims to improve machines' understanding of **the deep semantics contained in textual and semi-structured data**. I am also interested in the NLP applications in various real-world scenarios, including **Semantic Analytics** and **Semantic Parsing**.

From June 2021 to July 2022, I worked as a full-time NLP research intern at [the Data, Knowledge, and Intelligence group](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/group/data-knowledge-intelligence/) at [Microsoft Research Asia](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/lab/microsoft-research-asia/), supervised by Dr. [Mengyu Zhou](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/people/mezho/). For more of my research and industry experiences, please refer to my [CV](https://liamjxu.github.io/assets/pdf/JialiangXu%20CV%202022.12.19.pdf).

Commit message:

update on about and news

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: 

profile:
  align: right
  image: my_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  # address: >
  # #   <p>555 your office number</p>
  # #   <p>123 your address street</p>
  # #   <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---
**\[Researchers\]** I have received my Ph.D. admission! Shoot me an [email](mailto:jx17@illinois.edu) if you need a new passionate NLP research intern. I already have my [Employment Authorization Document](https://www.uscis.gov/working-in-the-united-states/students-and-exchange-visitors/optional-practical-training-opt-for-f-1-students) ready and can start today!

I graduated from [the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign](https://illinois.edu/) in December, 2022 with a B.Sc. in Computer Engineering (with [Highest Honors](https://ece.illinois.edu/academics/ugrad/honors-programs)). As an undergraduate, I was fortunate to be advised by Prof. [Heng Ji](http://blender.cs.illinois.edu/hengji.html) at [Blender NLP Lab](http://blender.cs.illinois.edu/index.html). My research aims to improve NLP models' understanding of the deep semantics contained in textual and semi-structured data. I am also passionate about Augmented Language Models (ALM) related fields, such as Reasoning, Knowledge Patching, and Neuro-Symbolic Systems.

From June 2021 to July 2022, I worked as a full-time NLP research intern at [the Data, Knowledge, and Intelligence group](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/group/data-knowledge-intelligence/) at [Microsoft Research Asia](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/lab/microsoft-research-asia/), supervised by Dr. [Mengyu Zhou](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/people/mezho/). For more of my research and industry experiences, please refer to my [CV](https://liamjxu.github.io/assets/pdf/JialiangXu%20CV%202022.12.19.pdf).
